# PartyPlannerNWang
AP Computer Science Project
Preamble - The IHRPS (International Human Resources Professionals Society) has hired your company for a contract gig to finish a program that was abandoned by their IT team.  The program will manage a seating arrangement for their upcoming conference dinner.  Intended to be a mixer for HR professionals to mingle and share best practices, the program they need you to create will arrange attendees at 10 rount tables, each seating 10 people, with no more than one persoan from each company.  Up to 16 companies may be in attendance (and not all companies have or will send 10 HR professionals) but your job is to manage the seating arrangement for the dinner.  Since this Professional Society hosts a lot of these events, they are hoping to make the program re-usable for theiother events over the year - where the number of tables, attendees, and even people per table may change. (These can be static variables for now - you just shouldn't have any magic numbers in your program).
This program takes a file (either csv or txt) full of people and their companies. The program also gives the user the option to load a different file and/or add new guests. The program sorts the guests into 10 (variable) tables and makes sure there are no guests from the same company at the same table. The program has a search function that allows the user to search for a guest by name and return their information (company, table and seat). The program prints rosters by table and by company, including the guests' name, company, seat, and table. 
